[7.x] [DOCS] Makes limitation item about rolled up indices clearer (#1821) (#1822)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/stack/ml/anomaly-detection/ml-limitations.asciidoc

[discrete]
[[ml-rollup-limitations]]
=== Rollup indices are not supported in {kib}

> Rollup indices and {data-sources} with rolled up indices cannot be used in 

Author: ```suggestion
Rollup indices and index patterns with rolled up indices cannot be used in 
```
